Release v0.8.0 (#33)
ObolNetwork/obol-docs: docs/testnet.md

![Testnet Roadmap](/img/ObolTestnetRoadmap.png)

> Over the coming quarters, Obol Labs have and will continue to coordinate and host a number of progressively larger test nets to help harden the charon client and iterate on the key generation tooling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Over the coming quarters, Obol Labs have and will continue to coordinate and host a number of progressively larger testnets to help harden the charon client and iterate on the key generation tooling.
```
